Week One
This week the team met to establish starting goals and metrics for the project. We broke out into groups and individuals to create an equal workload and keep working towards the end goal. We decided on what we need to get done short-term versus eventual, and are working towards the next goal. Commits to the repository will occur as instances of progress are finished.





Week Two
Team Name : CS–Secure
Team Members : Cassie Thun,  Cole Manchester, Daniel Tongu, Jace Marden, Jackson Brienen
GitHub Link : https://github.com/JacksonBrienen/CS380-CS-Secure/tree/main 

When we met on Friday we brainstormed and compared ideas on what we need to work on this coming week. We talked about everyone's part, and the interconnects between them. We then set out a rough plan of what we need to have next, connect next, and work on in the near future. Lastly we made a super rough plan of far future implements and changes that might be helpful if time allows. Below is each group members individual progress and ideas.

Cassie Thun : This week I worked on creating the sign-up page. I created and formatted the sign-up page in html. Next week, I will work on checking if the new password and confirm password match before the confirm sign up button can be clicked along with working on formatting.

Cole Manchester : This week I focused on making our sign in page functional and linked to our style sheets to keep a similar format to our other pages. My goal is to change our student ID intake page to accept a student email and password instead of just 1 integer value. The final goal is to connect this user input to our database through javascript and possibly authenticating these emails with our given school email format.

Daniel Tongu : This week, I focused on creating a course manager page and presented it to the team for feedback. During the review, we discussed which features to include or exclude to optimize functionality. One of the key decisions was to enable dragging and dropping of courses across all sections on the page, making it more user-friendly and intuitive. Additionally, we agreed that the “Completed” section should display the courses in the same format as the “Needed” section to maintain consistency in the user interface.

Jace Marden : This week I looked into Node.js usage and syntax to understand how to connect front-end to our sql database while waiting for some front end work to solidify in order to create usable connections. I need to make some updates to our database schema, add in the data using the JSON file provided by Jackson, and prepare to reverse that process and pull data out using node.js into JSON per request. I will need to create the connections within node.js to pull and push information between front end and the database as required.

Jackson Brienen : I will work on the JSON to outline all the course objects and their dependencies. This can then be used to fill our SQL server tables and to act as responding backend information to build our front end while the backend is being finalized. I will also begin thinking about tieing the project together in the end, getting all the pages to look similar style-wise, and get the project ready for deployment.

Overall, as a group we plan to finish our individual parts this week as much as possible and move forward on making the program functional to a point over this next week. Together we will need to improve each others designs where applicable and work to create improvements and functionality where it currently may be lacking.
